After reading Alfie’s article, I can say that I did agree with almost all of the points he made. I think that grades in general represent a person’s ability to follow a task. If they complete the task correctly, they usually receive an A, but if they fail in some aspects, they are marked down. Grades are usually seen as having a relationship with how smart someone is, or how hardworking they are. In return, grades can create identities for some and are a form of measuring self worth. However, I do not think that grades truly measure numerous good qualities in a person, or how they learn. A problem I’ve personally ran into is learning brain flexibility and adaptability. I’ve had some amazing classes, where I feel I’ve learned and grown in many ways in one semester. I’ve also had far too many classes where I’ve completed the tasks given to me at a mediocre level but didn’t feel I grew in any way. I knew how to handle the assignment, but nothing after that. I would never be able to expand on those skills because there wasn’t any adaptive thinking. The problem here lies that both types of classes have earned me the same grade. However, the classes that I grew in are also the classes I can remember skills from years later. 

Another problem presented in the article was the idea that grades teach students to take the easy-way out. I feel students and people in general are criticized for practicing this, but it’s what has been engraved in us for years. If grades are measuring our intelligence or our skills, and most people would like to be portrayed as intelligent, then humans are going to do what they can to earn a high grade. This can mean taking the easy way on most assignments. I, myself, am very guilty of this. If I’m doing a project and my grades determine how a professor will see me, or they determine if I can get into higher level schooling, of course I am going to choose a project that I know I can complete easily and get an A. I don’t feel satisfaction after completing this project, nor have I felt I really learned, but I got an A. I personally feel that learning comes best from struggling. However, other students and myself are so afraid to struggle because we fear the failure that comes in a letter grade. Too often professors don’t get to observe the struggles and they don’t get to see the growth from it. They only look to see how well we preformed the task. I understand that in a real work setting someday it is important to complete a task correctly, but I think it is also important to find an employee who can think critically and has a flexible mind. It can also be important to find an employee who doesn’t always choose the easy way out of every project. Grades don’t asses these qualities in a person, but they really should.
